
#mailman@archlinux.org #mailman@lists.archlinux.org
#mailman-admin@archlinux.org #mailman-admin@lists.archlinux.org
#mailman-bounces@archlinux.org #mailman-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
#mailman-confirm@archlinux.org #mailman-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
#mailman-join@archlinux.org #mailman-join@lists.archlinux.org
#mailman-leave@archlinux.org #mailman-leave@lists.archlinux.org
#mailman-owner@archlinux.org #mailman-owner@lists.archlinux.org
#mailman-request@archlinux.org #mailman-request@lists.archlinux.org
#mailman-subscribe@archlinux.org #mailman-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
#mailman-unsubscribe@archlinux.org #mailman-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-events@archlinux.org arch-events@lists.archlinux.org
arch-events-admin@archlinux.org arch-events-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-events-bounces@archlinux.org arch-events-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-events-confirm@archlinux.org arch-events-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-events-join@archlinux.org arch-events-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-events-leave@archlinux.org arch-events-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-events-owner@archlinux.org arch-events-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-events-request@archlinux.org arch-events-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-events-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-events-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-events-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-events-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-general@archlinux.org arch-general@lists.archlinux.org
arch-general-admin@archlinux.org arch-general-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-general-bounces@archlinux.org arch-general-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-general-confirm@archlinux.org arch-general-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-general-join@archlinux.org arch-general-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-general-leave@archlinux.org arch-general-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-general-owner@archlinux.org arch-general-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-general-request@archlinux.org arch-general-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-general-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-general-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-general-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-general-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

aur-dev@archlinux.org aur-dev@lists.archlinux.org
aur-dev-admin@archlinux.org aur-dev-admin@lists.archlinux.org
aur-dev-bounces@archlinux.org aur-dev-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
aur-dev-confirm@archlinux.org aur-dev-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
aur-dev-join@archlinux.org aur-dev-join@lists.archlinux.org
aur-dev-leave@archlinux.org aur-dev-leave@lists.archlinux.org
aur-dev-owner@archlinux.org aur-dev-owner@lists.archlinux.org
aur-dev-request@archlinux.org aur-dev-request@lists.archlinux.org
aur-dev-subscribe@archlinux.org aur-dev-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
aur-dev-unsubscribe@archlinux.org aur-dev-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

aur-general@archlinux.org aur-general@lists.archlinux.org
aur-general-admin@archlinux.org aur-general-admin@lists.archlinux.org
aur-general-bounces@archlinux.org aur-general-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
aur-general-confirm@archlinux.org aur-general-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
aur-general-join@archlinux.org aur-general-join@lists.archlinux.org
aur-general-leave@archlinux.org aur-general-leave@lists.archlinux.org
aur-general-owner@archlinux.org aur-general-owner@lists.archlinux.org
aur-general-request@archlinux.org aur-general-request@lists.archlinux.org
aur-general-subscribe@archlinux.org aur-general-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
aur-general-unsubscribe@archlinux.org aur-general-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

pacman-dev@archlinux.org pacman-dev@lists.archlinux.org
pacman-dev-admin@archlinux.org pacman-dev-admin@lists.archlinux.org
pacman-dev-bounces@archlinux.org pacman-dev-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
pacman-dev-confirm@archlinux.org pacman-dev-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
pacman-dev-join@archlinux.org pacman-dev-join@lists.archlinux.org
pacman-dev-leave@archlinux.org pacman-dev-leave@lists.archlinux.org
pacman-dev-owner@archlinux.org pacman-dev-owner@lists.archlinux.org
pacman-dev-request@archlinux.org pacman-dev-request@lists.archlinux.org
pacman-dev-subscribe@archlinux.org pacman-dev-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
pacman-dev-unsubscribe@archlinux.org pacman-dev-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-releng@archlinux.org arch-releng@lists.archlinux.org
arch-releng-admin@archlinux.org arch-releng-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-releng-bounces@archlinux.org arch-releng-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-releng-confirm@archlinux.org arch-releng-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-releng-join@archlinux.org arch-releng-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-releng-leave@archlinux.org arch-releng-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-releng-owner@archlinux.org arch-releng-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-releng-request@archlinux.org arch-releng-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-releng-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-releng-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-releng-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-releng-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-announce@archlinux.org arch-announce@lists.archlinux.org
arch-announce-admin@archlinux.org arch-announce-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-announce-bounces@archlinux.org arch-announce-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-announce-confirm@archlinux.org arch-announce-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-announce-join@archlinux.org arch-announce-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-announce-leave@archlinux.org arch-announce-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-announce-owner@archlinux.org arch-announce-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-announce-request@archlinux.org arch-announce-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-announce-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-announce-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-announce-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-announce-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-dev-public@archlinux.org arch-dev-public@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-public-admin@archlinux.org arch-dev-public-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-public-bounces@archlinux.org arch-dev-public-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-public-confirm@archlinux.org arch-dev-public-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-public-join@archlinux.org arch-dev-public-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-public-leave@archlinux.org arch-dev-public-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-public-owner@archlinux.org arch-dev-public-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-public-request@archlinux.org arch-dev-public-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-public-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-dev-public-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-public-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-dev-public-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-ports@archlinux.org arch-ports@lists.archlinux.org
arch-ports-admin@archlinux.org arch-ports-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-ports-bounces@archlinux.org arch-ports-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-ports-confirm@archlinux.org arch-ports-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-ports-join@archlinux.org arch-ports-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-ports-leave@archlinux.org arch-ports-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-ports-owner@archlinux.org arch-ports-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-ports-request@archlinux.org arch-ports-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-ports-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-ports-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-ports-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-ports-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-commits@archlinux.org arch-commits@lists.archlinux.org
arch-commits-admin@archlinux.org arch-commits-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-commits-bounces@archlinux.org arch-commits-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-commits-confirm@archlinux.org arch-commits-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-commits-join@archlinux.org arch-commits-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-commits-leave@archlinux.org arch-commits-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-commits-owner@archlinux.org arch-commits-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-commits-request@archlinux.org arch-commits-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-commits-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-commits-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-commits-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-commits-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-dev@archlinux.org arch-dev@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-admin@archlinux.org arch-dev-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-bounces@archlinux.org arch-dev-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-confirm@archlinux.org arch-dev-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-join@archlinux.org arch-dev-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-leave@archlinux.org arch-dev-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-owner@archlinux.org arch-dev-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-request@archlinux.org arch-dev-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-dev-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-dev-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-dev-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

repoman@archlinux.org repoman@lists.archlinux.org
repoman-admin@archlinux.org repoman-admin@lists.archlinux.org
repoman-bounces@archlinux.org repoman-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
repoman-confirm@archlinux.org repoman-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
repoman-join@archlinux.org repoman-join@lists.archlinux.org
repoman-leave@archlinux.org repoman-leave@lists.archlinux.org
repoman-owner@archlinux.org repoman-owner@lists.archlinux.org
repoman-request@archlinux.org repoman-request@lists.archlinux.org
repoman-subscribe@archlinux.org repoman-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
repoman-unsubscribe@archlinux.org repoman-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-notifications@archlinux.org arch-notifications@lists.archlinux.org
arch-notifications-admin@archlinux.org arch-notifications-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-notifications-bounces@archlinux.org arch-notifications-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-notifications-confirm@archlinux.org arch-notifications-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-notifications-join@archlinux.org arch-notifications-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-notifications-leave@archlinux.org arch-notifications-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-notifications-owner@archlinux.org arch-notifications-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-notifications-request@archlinux.org arch-notifications-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-notifications-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-notifications-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-notifications-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-notifications-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-magazine@archlinux.org arch-magazine@lists.archlinux.org
arch-magazine-admin@archlinux.org arch-magazine-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-magazine-bounces@archlinux.org arch-magazine-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-magazine-confirm@archlinux.org arch-magazine-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-magazine-join@archlinux.org arch-magazine-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-magazine-leave@archlinux.org arch-magazine-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-magazine-owner@archlinux.org arch-magazine-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-magazine-request@archlinux.org arch-magazine-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-magazine-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-magazine-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-magazine-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-magazine-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-mirrors@archlinux.org arch-mirrors@lists.archlinux.org
arch-mirrors-admin@archlinux.org arch-mirrors-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-mirrors-bounces@archlinux.org arch-mirrors-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-mirrors-confirm@archlinux.org arch-mirrors-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-mirrors-join@archlinux.org arch-mirrors-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-mirrors-leave@archlinux.org arch-mirrors-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-mirrors-owner@archlinux.org arch-mirrors-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-mirrors-request@archlinux.org arch-mirrors-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-mirrors-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-mirrors-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-mirrors-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-mirrors-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-multilib@archlinux.org arch-multilib@lists.archlinux.org
arch-multilib-admin@archlinux.org arch-multilib-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-multilib-bounces@archlinux.org arch-multilib-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-multilib-confirm@archlinux.org arch-multilib-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-multilib-join@archlinux.org arch-multilib-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-multilib-leave@archlinux.org arch-multilib-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-multilib-owner@archlinux.org arch-multilib-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-multilib-request@archlinux.org arch-multilib-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-multilib-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-multilib-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-multilib-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-multilib-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-projects@archlinux.org arch-projects@lists.archlinux.org
arch-projects-admin@archlinux.org arch-projects-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-projects-bounces@archlinux.org arch-projects-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-projects-confirm@archlinux.org arch-projects-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-projects-join@archlinux.org arch-projects-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-projects-leave@archlinux.org arch-projects-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-projects-owner@archlinux.org arch-projects-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-projects-request@archlinux.org arch-projects-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-projects-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-projects-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-projects-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-projects-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-security@archlinux.org arch-security@lists.archlinux.org
arch-security-admin@archlinux.org arch-security-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-security-bounces@archlinux.org arch-security-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-security-confirm@archlinux.org arch-security-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-security-join@archlinux.org arch-security-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-security-leave@archlinux.org arch-security-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-security-owner@archlinux.org arch-security-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-security-request@archlinux.org arch-security-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-security-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-security-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-security-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-security-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

aur-requests@archlinux.org aur-requests@lists.archlinux.org
aur-requests-admin@archlinux.org aur-requests-admin@lists.archlinux.org
aur-requests-bounces@archlinux.org aur-requests-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
aur-requests-confirm@archlinux.org aur-requests-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
aur-requests-join@archlinux.org aur-requests-join@lists.archlinux.org
aur-requests-leave@archlinux.org aur-requests-leave@lists.archlinux.org
aur-requests-owner@archlinux.org aur-requests-owner@lists.archlinux.org
aur-requests-request@archlinux.org aur-requests-request@lists.archlinux.org
aur-requests-subscribe@archlinux.org aur-requests-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
aur-requests-unsubscribe@archlinux.org aur-requests-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org

arch-test@archlinux.org arch-test@lists.archlinux.org
arch-test-admin@archlinux.org arch-test-admin@lists.archlinux.org
arch-test-bounces@archlinux.org arch-test-bounces@lists.archlinux.org
arch-test-confirm@archlinux.org arch-test-confirm@lists.archlinux.org
arch-test-join@archlinux.org arch-test-join@lists.archlinux.org
arch-test-leave@archlinux.org arch-test-leave@lists.archlinux.org
arch-test-owner@archlinux.org arch-test-owner@lists.archlinux.org
arch-test-request@archlinux.org arch-test-request@lists.archlinux.org
arch-test-subscribe@archlinux.org arch-test-subscribe@lists.archlinux.org
arch-test-unsubscribe@archlinux.org arch-test-unsubscribe@lists.archlinux.org
